After several days' discussion on github, I found that some strains may have a small mutation, a small number of mutations that may have a big impact or a small impact, and the tracking system is sometimes named for better tracking. This mutation may have a small impact, so that it doesn't cause any waves. I think some systems should be added to the naming system. Inspired by the piano chord thought before, I think this way can be adopted, such as adding sus, add, etc. to indicate that there are only one or three strains with a small number of mutations, such as the form of Ba.5.2.1(add.).# whoPianoS
please
After several days' discussion on github, I found that some strains may have a small mutation, a small number of mutations that may have a big impact or a small impact, and the tracking system is sometimes named for better tracking. This mutation may have a small impact, so that it doesn't cause any waves. I think some systems should be added to the naming system. Inspired by the piano chord thought before, I think this way can be adopted, such as adding sus, add, etc. to indicate that there are only one or three strains with a small number of mutations, such as the form of Ba.5.2.1(add.).# whoPianoS please
As mentioned in the previous topic, omit () can be used to omit one or more mutations, and add () can be used to increase one or more mutations.
Multiple mutations, and often together, are common and commonly used. We give him a new name, called mutant sequence. We can use scientific methods, such as abbreviated numbers, or other marks, to name them. Mutant sequence and common strains should be the focus of research. For the recombination of three strains superimposed on each other, I call it triple recombination; for two strains superimposed on each other, I call it pure recombination; for recombination+.
